Updated Components Styling sections (#532)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/time-picker.md

## Styling

> The Time Picker comes with styling flexibility through the various options controlling the header background and title colors, as well as text colors for the selected hour, minute, and meridiem (AM/PM). The Cancel and OK buttons are Flat Buttons and can be styled accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Time Picker comes with styling flexibility through the various options for header background and title colors, as well as text colors for the selected hour, minute, and meridiem (AM/PM). The Cancel and OK buttons are [Flat Buttons](button.md) and can be styled accordingly.
```
